## LLMProblemInput Class Specification

### Fields

- `problem_id` (str): A string identifier for the problem.
- `prompt_id` (str): A string identifier for the prompt.
- `prompt` (str): The text of the prompt.
- `sample_inputs_outputs` (List[TestCase]): A list of `TestCase` objects representing sample inputs and expected outputs for the problem.
- `input_code` (str): The initial code provided for the problem, if any.
- `function_prototype` (FunctionPrototype): A `FunctionPrototype` object representing the function prototype for the problem.

### Methods

#### `__init__(self, data: Dict[str, Any]) -> None`
Constructor method which initializes an `LLMProblemInput` instance from a dictionary.

#### `from_json(cls, json_data: Dict[str, Any]) -> 'LLMProblemInput'`
Class method which creates an `LLMProblemInput` instance from a dictionary.

#### `to_json(self) -> Dict[str, Any]`
Method which serializes the `LLMProblemInput` instance to a JSON-serializable dictionary.

#### `__str__(self) -> str`
Method which returns a string representation of the `LLMProblemInput` instance.

## LLMSolution Class Specification

### Fields

- `problem_identifier` (str): A string identifier for the problem.
- `model_identifier` (str): A string identifier for the model.
- `prompt_identifier` (str): A string identifier for the prompt.
- `solution_code` (str): The solution code generated by the model.
- `feedback` (Optional[dict]): Optional feedback information.

### Methods

#### `__init__(self, problem_identifier: str, model_identifier: str, prompt_identifier: str, solution_code: str, feedback: Optional[dict] = None) -> None`
Constructor method which initializes an `LLMSolution` instance with specified values.

#### `from_json(cls, data: Dict[str, Any]) -> 'LLMSolution'`
Class method which creates an `LLMSolution` instance from a dictionary.

#### `to_json(self) -> Dict[str, Any]`
Method which serializes the `LLMSolution` instance to a JSON-serializable dictionary.

#### `__str__(self) -> str`
Method which returns a string representation of the `LLMSolution` instance.


### JSON Format

When serialized, the JSON for `LLMSolution` should adhere to the following format:

```json
{
	"problem_identifier": "<string>",
	"model_identifier": "<string>",
	"prompt_identifier": "<string>",
	"solution_code": "<string>",
	"feedback": "<string>"
}
```

- `problem_identifier`: (String) A unique identifier for the problem.
- `model_identifier`: (String) A unique identifier for the model.
- `prompt_identifier`: (String) A unique identifier for the prompt.
- `solution_code`: (String) The solution code generated by the model.
- `feedback`: (String) Optional feedback information.

